So let's continue working with this forum and going up and Matre.
So you're seeing these Where are seeing hook up and the front end where are you seeing the whole building
will display these you know the website in the pages of the website.
So if you click here scroll to the bottom you can see that it's hansol right here.
So when it go on the display DS in the front in.
So here I'm going to have a function or a conditional with a function called e-space.
We're going to use welcome if you remember this front page.
In fact you don't edit.
It's called Welcome.
So we're going to pass the adenine and at the bottom right you don't that.
And if so these will check on that is we'll check that we're in the welcome page and in that case is
when I displayed the form if I had rules here.
You can see it's working directly frankly having one of these entries they form is not being printed
so let's continue working next.
You can see that we have these sustaining we can remove everything from here and we can remove and so
these with these comments.
In this case I'm going to
then the code that little to format this a little better.
You can see that we have this we have this is a shill for MailChimp.
That's fine.
The woman I'm going to show you have Dober right this is so fierce going on.
I'm going out on the deep end I'm going to call this one MailChimp form.
So with this way we can test these witnesses always.
For me it's easier to create that.
And then there are studies with Jasus.
So I'm going to copy these and I'm going to open these on the right scroll to the bottom and that's
how I come in
Meechie farm.
So we're going to use these matching form.
And if you remember we have this is stylize.
This case is being called R-squared when I use background color.
That color save these up in the front end reload and you can see it's taking the fool with the collar.
That's why we hope this stuff from before for snipets better and then we're going to have some more
restyling
for example right here.
I'm going to increase that by and you can see that the these bodies really is more than they will that
somebody on the top.
Well when I mean when I'm by the top and bottom my all I mean bottom line.
So save the central load now you can see the bodies looking better here.
We're going to copy.
We can also have that color wide right here to display the contents on White Collar.
So next for example you can see that we have the subscribe to the newsletter.
And then we have these on the right so we can create two different columns.
They say is way is too much.
They call that MailChimp give give us in the previous medius song when scroll to the bottom
and break it would I have these MC imbeds sign number scroll England.
They call for.
So what you call food.
And then I'm going I could eat any of these.
And I'm going to call these when called looms six and I'm going I could do another one with the same
class called
Sikh's.
So in this case for example this one is going to be these that lead the label.
So I did and I got this page right here and then we're going to cut the rest and it's going to be added
right here.
So now we have two different sections.
Then you can see that we had these subscribe to a newsletter right here and we are missing the second
part.
Access to exclusive deals.
Have another name a name that would display AXS to exclusive deals.
So now we can say this is malheur.
There is nothing wrong with modifying the MailChimp code there to make the things easier for us.
That's why we're using these and in some classes and moving some candids.
So now we can't reload and I can see we had subscribe to a newsletter accessed through exclusive deals.
So next we're going to add the CSA is for that to column for the columns and then going to the media
on the screen and mean grid 768 B-cells and Rachida and going to copy these.
You can see snidey
and we have called them Sikh's
and I'm going to have that with 50 percent and a lot left.
Again when you are using floats you have to clear the balance.
So what are going McCabe's.
And then when after and again not contain the standard read Fiesco display block and cleanable.
So save these and reload
and you can see we had to subscribe to the newsletter on the left and the form on the right.
So this is looking great in the next video we're going to finish these this year says for example.